Find the Temple symbols in the Taylor building and then explanations for these symbols within the halls of the Taylor building.
Go to the Engineering Feats Display and snap a picture of one of the feats there.
Find the taxidermy room in the Benson building and mimic an animal on the wall.
Within the gardens, find any statue.
Find and read aloud the whole Mark Austin plaque while within 30 feet of it.
Go to the centennial statue and pose with one of the two figures. (Monument to Education)
Find the statue of The Boy Joseph.
Go to the garden pond and sit in the chairs for 5 minutes.
Go to the Kennedy Outdoor Campus Basketball Court.
Take 2 laps around the powerplant building.
Go to the stone compass outside the Taylor Building.
Go to Patsy’s Porch in the Gardens and swing on the swings.
Purchase a gift at any of the stores on campus.
Walk to the path leading to the Temple and find the small tree and garden halfway along the pathway.
Go to the Rosetta stone and pose for a picture with one of the gold coins nearby.
Find the statue of the Handcart Pioneers in the I-Center.
Find the statue of the Youth and New Frontiers in the I-Center.
Find the statue of the Tragedy at Winter Quarters in the I-Center.
Find the Purpose of Life mural in the I-Center.
Find the I-Center Statue on the third (or fourth) floor of the I-Center.
Go to the I-Center front sign and ask a passerby to take a picture of you and your partner posing with the sign.
Go to the Wall of Pictures in the Hart building.
Find The Ascension in the Hart Building.
Find the Library patio.
Check out a book from the library.
Find The Universe exhibit somewhere around the BYUI Planetarium.
Go to the Eliza R Snow Statue and strike a pose mirroring her.
Find the 13th Article of Faith somewhere around or within the Snow Building.
Find the poster for a movie or play somewhere inside the Snow Building.
Investigate the inside of the Spori building. Take a photo at the door.
Find the Garrison Sister painting inside the Clarke Building. Strike a pose with the sister.
Find the one of the College Campus Signs. (NOT the I-Center sign).
Go to the amphitheater and ask some nearby to take your photo.
Find the Greater Love Hath No Man memorial in the MC. 
Find and admire the Center Fountain located outside the south side of the MC.
Find the Joseph Smith statue inside of the Kimball Building.
Find the Living Moroni statue.
Go to the Student Health and Counseling Center.
Find the University Communications Building, and take a photo of you as close as you can get to the base of the radio tower.
Find the rock with a face on it within the gardens.